that's like
only five
Elliott Sadler has moved out of the
racing line cars of passion
drop the 14
you know I made it a lap when a tire's
flat like that builds up so much heat in
it it just begins to come apart he's
just gotta he's trying to just get as
much as he can but hats off the elÿon
settlement look at this car this guy's
you know he has not missed his mark all
day long just like Marnie in those gas
co curly he has been right on Bridal
message right on spot he's taking it
easy this last couple laps you saw him
he really cut that corner tight just to
get it in there not wash out and cars
been consistent the most consider car
out there all day this is a strong
comeback for this team Kyle had seven
top-10s in a row including three wins
before finishing 43rd at Pocono and 13th
of Michigan a lot of talk that maybe
this team had lost its edge
they had good strategy a little walk a
solid driver and a good run two more
turns for Kyle Busch through 11
then a left hand is 12 for the number
one
checkered flag in the air for Kyle posh
he wins at Sonoma
the great runs of David guilty you go
they not
it finally went away owning them because
obviously he's fun and back that in the
wall at some point in time here that's
right over
here to our lightest ones where we
thought it was four I thought it was
going to blow I'll say where I thought
it was going to blow on the restart I
told right there I thought when he when
he really barreled it off around there
and when you add up the points at the
end of the season keep in mind that he
that he got 19 is he easily with 35 cars
on the lead lap he easily could have
been 38 430 bit he could have been 35th
easily he could he could have played it
safe come down pit road and easily have
done that ninth career win for Kyle
Busch here's Elliott Sadler
remember he's got a flat right we're
right here
he's getting give it all right now Bo
coming to take the chequered right here
you heard it yeah sit all right 19
they're telling p19 as he's sliding
backwards that's all right though man
great job by aliens san fermin he'll be
smiling when he thinks about it tomorrow
but he's disappointed now down to
Lindsay's aarnio thanks Bill Steve
Addington is certainly smiling here crew
chief for Kyle Busch team you said it
yourself with a rebound from a bad
Friday that you guys started this
weekend how good is this when for you
guys oh is this awesome is super big for
this race team I mean it just build
confidence and Driver right there
believing this race team can take when
we start a bad weekend we can pull
through work together and take our
information applied to the race car it
works all right Steve Addington and Kyle
Busch rolling to their fifth win of the
season bill and his first career road
course win in this seventh start
11 NASCAR wins for him in 2008
or in the Nationwide Series and two of
the trucks six to the win for toyota in
2086 the win for Joe Gibbs Racing the
third win for Joe Gibbs Racing here at
Sonoma
is a very tight dog style that's very
pretty that's very pretty as a nice burn
out man he was coming down the front
stretch had two front tires a lot and
it's still pushing what are you here you
here cheering for Kyle Busch that's a
great shot man look at him
unofficially 103 points now ahead of
second-placed jeff burton 152 back to
junior Carl Edwards would be fourth and
Jimmie Johnson fit unofficially in the
points that's impressive we talked about
this you know and we saw the clip
earlier in the broadcast of Dale
Earnhardt senior winning a race here and
a guy that wins at Daytona guy that wins
at Talladega or a guy that wins in
Charlotte places like that to add this
to your resume and to say you're such a
well-rounded driver that you can let on
any come track there he is it's
important to get a real course man well
they're going to be a lot of people the
point to Pocono is saying well you know
we tried to do the three races in three
different places in three different days
they finish 43rd that Sunday don't tell
him that because what you're telling me
is if he focuses it can be that good we
don't want him focusing okay let's have
been going back to run trucks in the
bush stuff over with no chance well here
comes Kyle Busch out of the car the left
rear tire is absolutely disintegrated he
wore that out on the victory burnouts
here
a big celebration